README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Joel Solaeche</h1>

<p align="center">
  💻 <strong>Machine Learning Engineer & Software Engineer</strong><br>
  🌍 Buenos Aires, Argentina | Remote Collaborator
</p>

---

## 🧠 About Me
I am a Software Engineer and Machine Learning Engineer with experience designing and deploying end-to-end solutions that blend modern web development and applied AI. My work spans building deep learning models, scalable APIs, and clean frontend experiences.

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack

### 🤖 Machine Learning & Data
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TensorFlow-FF6F00?logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Keras-D00000?logo=keras&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Scikit--learn-F7931E?logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Hugging Face](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HuggingFace-FFCA00?logo=huggingface&logoColor=black)
![Transformers](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Transformers-0052CC?logo=apache-spark&logoColor=white)
![NLP](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NLP-4B0082)
![Computer Vision](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Computer%20Vision-8A2BE2)

### 🛠️ Backend & Deployment
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FastAPI-009688?logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-000000?logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-FF9900?logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redis-DC382D?logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Streamlit-FF4B4B?logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)

### 📊 Data Engineering & Analysis
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pandas-150458?logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NumPy-013243?logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Airflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Airflow-017CEE?logo=apache-airflow&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Matplotlib-11557C)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Seaborn-69B3A2)

### 🖥️ Frontend
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?logo=next.js)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind-38B2AC?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white)

### 🔧 Development Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VSCode-007ACC?logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

---

## 🌟 Selected Projects

✨ **[Personal Portfolio](https://my-portfolio-joel-eight.vercel.app/)**
Professional portfolio built with Next.js, Tailwind CSS, and Framer Motion.

✨ **[Credit Risk Analysis Predictor](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/credit-risk-app)**  
Supervised learning model for credit risk estimation using TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, FastAPI, and Docker.

✨ **[Gym E-commerce Platform](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/E-commerce_gym_powerKi)**  
Full stack web application combining React, Bootstrap, Talwind CSS and MySQL.

✨ **[Multimodal Product Classifier](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/Multimodal_E-commerce_Product_Classification_System)**  
Deep learning system integrating NLP and Computer Vision.

✨ **[AI Vision Classifier](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/ai_classifier)**                                                                               
Enterprise-grade full-stack application with ResNet50 AI model for automated image classification across 1000+ categories, featuring 95% time reduction and real-time processing

✨ **[Home Credit Default Risk Prediction](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/home_credit_pipeline)**                                                                 
Complete ML pipeline with interactive Streamlit dashboard for predicting loan default risk with 75%+ accuracy, featuring real-time predictions and business intelligence

✨ **[E-Commerce Data Pipeline ELT](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/E-Commerce-Data-Pipeline-ELT)**                                                                
Built an ELT pipeline to analyze seasonal e-commerce data and extract holiday-driven purchase insights orchestrated with Apache Airflow

---

## 💼 Experience Highlights

- **AI Trainer & Developer @ Scale AI (Remote, U.S.)**
  - Developed AI evaluation workflows and prompt engineering strategies.
  - Enhanced LLM agents and contributed to real-world code repositories.

- **Machine Learning Engineer @ Anyone AI**
  - Delivered ML models for credit risk and multimodal classification.
  - Built ELT pipelines and deployed ML-powered APIs.

- **Development Team Member @ Helte Co., Ltd. (Tokyo, Japan)**
  - Improved UI/UX, increasing platform engagement by 40%.
  - Contributed to product documentation and agile development.

---

## 🏆 Certifications
- 🎓 Machine Learning Engineer – Anyone AI
- 🇬🇧 First Certificate in English B2 – Cambridge
- 🇬🇧 EFSET C1 Advanced English Certificate
- 🇯🇵 JLPT N2 – Japanese Language Proficiency

---

## ✨ Let's Connect
- 🌐 [Portfolio](https://my-portfolio-joel-eight.vercel.app/)
- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/joelsolaeche)
- 📫 Email: joel_solaeche@hotmail.com

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0:38B2AC,100:000000&height=120&section=footer"/>
</p>

Commit message:

Update README with new LLM recruitment tool project
Added a new project about an intelligent job-matching application powered by Large Language Models (LLMs) to the portfolio.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Joel Solaeche</h1>

<p align="center">
  💻 <strong>Machine Learning Engineer & Software Engineer</strong><br>
  🌍 Buenos Aires, Argentina | Remote Collaborator
</p>

---

## 🧠 About Me
I am a Software Engineer and Machine Learning Engineer/AI Engineer with experience designing and deploying end-to-end solutions that blend modern web development and applied AI. My work spans building deep learning models, scalable APIs, and clean frontend experiences.

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack

### 🤖 Machine Learning & Data
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TensorFlow-FF6F00?logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Keras-D00000?logo=keras&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Scikit--learn-F7931E?logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Hugging Face](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HuggingFace-FFCA00?logo=huggingface&logoColor=black)
![Transformers](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Transformers-0052CC?logo=apache-spark&logoColor=white)
![NLP](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NLP-4B0082)
![Computer Vision](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Computer%20Vision-8A2BE2)

### 🛠️ Backend & Deployment
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FastAPI-009688?logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-000000?logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-FF9900?logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redis-DC382D?logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Streamlit-FF4B4B?logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)

### 📊 Data Engineering & Analysis
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pandas-150458?logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NumPy-013243?logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Airflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Airflow-017CEE?logo=apache-airflow&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Matplotlib-11557C)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Seaborn-69B3A2)

### 🖥️ Frontend
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?logo=next.js)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind-38B2AC?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white)

### 🔧 Development Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VSCode-007ACC?logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

---

## 🌟 Selected Projects

✨ **[Personal Portfolio](https://my-portfolio-joel-eight.vercel.app/)**
Professional portfolio built with Next.js, Tailwind CSS, and Framer Motion.

✨ **[LLM Based Recruitment Tool](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/LLM-Based-Recruitment-Tool)**
An intelligent job-matching application powered by Large Language Models (LLMs) that connects candidates with relevant job opportunities using advanced AI technologies.

✨ **[Credit Risk Analysis Predictor](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/credit-risk-app)**  
Supervised learning model for credit risk estimation using TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, FastAPI, and Docker.

✨ **[Gym E-commerce Platform](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/E-commerce_gym_powerKi)**  
Full stack web application combining React, Bootstrap, Talwind CSS and MySQL.

✨ **[Multimodal Product Classifier](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/Multimodal_E-commerce_Product_Classification_System)**  
Deep learning system integrating NLP and Computer Vision.

✨ **[AI Vision Classifier](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/ai_classifier)**                                                                               
Enterprise-grade full-stack application with ResNet50 AI model for automated image classification across 1000+ categories, featuring 95% time reduction and real-time processing

✨ **[Home Credit Default Risk Prediction](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/home_credit_pipeline)**                                                                 
Complete ML pipeline with interactive Streamlit dashboard for predicting loan default risk with 75%+ accuracy, featuring real-time predictions and business intelligence

✨ **[E-Commerce Data Pipeline ELT](https://github.com/joelsolaeche/E-Commerce-Data-Pipeline-ELT)**                                                                
Built an ELT pipeline to analyze seasonal e-commerce data and extract holiday-driven purchase insights orchestrated with Apache Airflow

---

## 💼 Experience Highlights

- **AI Trainer & Developer @ Scale AI (Remote, U.S.)**
  - Developed AI evaluation workflows and prompt engineering strategies.
  - Enhanced LLM agents and contributed to real-world code repositories.

- **Machine Learning Engineer @ Anyone AI**
  - Delivered ML models for credit risk and multimodal classification.
  - Built ELT pipelines and deployed ML-powered APIs.

- **Development Team Member @ Helte Co., Ltd. (Tokyo, Japan)**
  - Improved UI/UX, increasing platform engagement by 40%.
  - Contributed to product documentation and agile development.

---

## 🏆 Certifications
- 🎓 Machine Learning Engineer – Anyone AI
- 🇬🇧 First Certificate in English B2 – Cambridge
- 🇬🇧 EFSET C1 Advanced English Certificate
- 🇯🇵 JLPT N2 – Japanese Language Proficiency

---

## ✨ Let's Connect
- 🌐 [Portfolio](https://my-portfolio-joel-eight.vercel.app/)
- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/joelsolaeche)
- 📫 Email: joel_solaeche@hotmail.com

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0:38B2AC,100:000000&height=120&section=footer"/>
</p>
